pages/02.vpn/02._highlights/features.en.md, before:

---
title: 'Homepage Highlights'
menu: Highlights
features:
    -
        icon: 'fa fa-microchip'
        header: OpenVPN
        text: 'Is the free software we use to build the VPN tunnels.'
        url: 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenVPN'
    -
        icon: 'fa fa-sitemap'
        header: 'Fixed IPv4 & IPv6'
        text: 'To start hosting yourself !'
        url: 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IP_address'
    -
        icon: 'fa fa-cubes'
        header: 'Multi plate-form software'
        text: 'It runs on GNU/Linux, and also the others.'
        url: 'https://www.privatetunnel.com/apps/#'
class: offset-box
---

# With the VPN
## You will reach a **first step**

Encrypt your communications and contribute to [Net neutrality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Net_neutrality)

[figure id="without-vpn" class="image" caption="Internet access <b>without</b> VPN"]
![Without VPN](visuel-sans-vpn.png?resize=600)
[/figure]

[right][_those pictures sources_](https://github.com/Neutrinet/site-neutrinet-beta/tree/master/pages/02.vpn/02._highlights/)[/right]

[left]
!!!! A [VPN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_private_network) is a tool widely used in the business world. It relies on the [encryption](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Encryption) of all network exchanges _(traffic)_ between two entities _(people, buildings, geographically remote places,…)_ with the different [Internet service providers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_service_provider) being **unable to watch or interact with what is happening** _(except for blocking everything, but we are not there yet, or copying everything with the idea of deciphering it later)_.
[/left]

[figure id="with-vpn" class="image" caption="Internet access <b>with</b> VPN"]
![With VPN](visuel-avec-vpn.png?resize=600)
[/figure]

We offer a **VPN connexion** to you, your familly and friends. <br /> With a [Pay what you want](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pay_what_you_want) policy. Arround 8€/month advised.

Commit message:

image compare réparé et lien corrigé

pages/02.vpn/02._highlights/features.en.md, after:

---
title: 'Homepage Highlights'
menu: Highlights
features:
    -
        icon: 'fa fa-microchip'
        header: OpenVPN
        text: 'Is the free software we use to build the VPN tunnels.'
        url: 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenVPN'
    -
        icon: 'fa fa-sitemap'
        header: 'Fixed IPv4 & IPv6'
        text: 'To start hosting yourself !'
        url: 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IP_address'
    -
        icon: 'fa fa-cubes'
        header: 'Multi plate-form software'
        text: 'It runs on GNU/Linux, and also the others.'
        url: 'https://www.privatetunnel.com/apps/#'
class: offset-box
---

# With the VPN
## You will reach a **first step**

Encrypt your communications and contribute to [Net neutrality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Net_neutrality)

[ui-image-compare]
![Without VPN](visuel-sans-vpn.png)
![With VPN](visuel-avec-vpn.png)
[/ui-image-compare]

[right][_those pictures in SVG_](https://git.domainepublic.net/Neutrinet/site-neutrinet-beta/tree/master/pages/02.vpn/02._highlights/)[/right]

[left]
!!!! A [VPN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_private_network) is a tool widely used in the business world. It relies on the [encryption](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Encryption) of all network exchanges _(traffic)_ between two entities _(people, buildings, geographically remote places,…)_ with the different [Internet service providers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_service_provider) being **unable to watch or interact with what is happening** _(except for blocking everything, but we are not there yet, or copying everything with the idea of deciphering it later)_.
[/left]

We provide a **VPN connexion** to you, your familly and friends. <br /> With a [Pay what you want](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pay_what_you_want) policy. Arround 8€/month advised.
